---
layout: post
title: Mike's Mic - Tips and Tricks for researchers
subtitle: Tips 1 and 2.
---

**Tip 1: Know your methods (March 2018)**

Whatever research you are involved in, quantitative or qualitative, there will be some form of method that has been followed. Methods may range from an established protocol that has been utilised for many years to a new one that you have developed. My advice here is that, if you are using an established protocol, ensure that you are aware of its development and original philosophy. For example, what population was is designed for? How was it validated? Have there been any amendments (officially or otherwise!) that have occurred over time? All of these points are crucial to you understanding of your methods; often considered to be the backbone of your research and a focus of critique and review.
If you are on top of your methods, and any limitations within them, you will have a better handle on your results and understanding of your data. Always read the original articles when it comes to these methodologies, especially if they are quite old (and I don’t mean anything before 1980!). How scientific writing has evolved over the years is fascinating and can also be eye-opening to inform your methods and thesis!


**Tip 2: How meaningful is your data? (March 2018)**
In relation to knowing your methods inside out (i.e. their validity and reliability) it is important to know how meaningful your data is. For quantitative data this is reasonably straight forward as you are dealing with numbers and can generally calculate your own technical error. If using a proprietary method, don’t just go with what the manufacturer’s recommendations are for reliability (or repeatability) of a test or assay. The data they present is for that company in their labs using their equipment. It is best practice to run your own reliability checks, with your equipment in your labs. This is much more important for working out how meaningful your data is. When presented within your thesis, this data demonstrates ‘good research’ quite easily. It is also important to know what is clinically or biologically significant; don’t just rely on the magic and ‘all-encompassing’ P value! (*For more information on the importance of using appropriate statistics, you can read more from the Open Science movement being promoted by HLS researchers at [CUDOS]*). For qualitative data this can be trickier as there are no numbers that can be produced for guidance. Instead, ensure that you are aware of how trustworthy your data is. Consider the equivalents of internal validity (credibility), external validity / generalizability (transferability), reliability (dependability) and objectivity (confirmability). With these factors in mind you are well on the way to determining how meaningful your results are. You may find Shenton, (2004). Strategies for ensuring trustworthiness in qualitative. research projects [Education for Information, 22 (2004) 63–75 63] worth a read.


*[Dr. Mike Price](https://pureportal.coventry.ac.uk/en/persons/mike-price) is one of the key members of staff for students in HLS to be aware of. His research focuses on Thermoregulation, Spinal Chord Injury and Exercise Psychology.*
