---
layout: post
title: Writing abstracts that get noticed
subtitle: Read about the art of writing an abstract in the first edition of Gurnham's Grapevine.
---

In the Panjabi tradition there is a saying that the most capable writers and speakers are the ones who can 'put the ocean into a cup'! Expressing ideas in summary form without losing meaning is not an easy task, but without this skill, even the most accomplished researchers run the risk of not being noticed. This is especially so in a hypertext, Twitter world where we are all too busy to read anything beyond the first few sentences and, as the Neuroscientist Susan Greenfield (2015) notes in her book, [Mind Change: How digital technologies are leaving their mark on our brains](https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00JWV160G/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&btkr=1), our attention span appears to be shortening. Though there is a risk of turning a necessity into a virtue, the truth is, in a world awash with knowledge and information, to be noticed you must be able to capture the imagination of the reader who is prone to becoming quickly bored or distracted.

Writing abstracts is both an art and a science. It is a form of what Althusser terms, 'hailing' where the reader's subjective self becomes drawn into the abstract, rather like how images and slogans capture the target audience.  Given that the means of communication is essentially using the literary form, one denies the power of words at one's peril. However, as researchers seeking to produce and convey knowledge, the need for precision is also paramount. So how can we achieve these two seemingly conflictual imperatives? The answer is boringly obvious, be clear about what you want to say and know the mind of the reader and feed it!

The term 'abstract' can operate as an adjective, noun, or verb, but there is a common thread that refers to some underlying, essential character, property, meaning, or message. In this regard, the primary aim of an abstract is to set out the essence of your paper or indeed, thesis. One of the problems is that when we write something often the meaning is in our minds and the challenge is to see things from the perspective of the reviewer/reader. 

If one is writing an abstract after a paper has been accepted, then the consequences of it being poorly written could be it simply gets overlooked, resulting in poor recognition of your efforts. And if an abstract is written in advance of a paper being written, which is usual for an academic conference, then poor abstracts will lead to rejection and possibly dejection! And so, to avoid such consequences, don't see the abstract as a bolt on or a necessary inconvenience, but a critical piece of the jigsaw or academic production.

Here are some tips that should enable you to produce effective abstracts:

1.	Make sure you write your title in a way that both captures the essence of the piece but at the same time draws the reviewer/reader into your work. Quirky and cryptic words/phrases, which are characteristic of the humanities, can generate interest but can also be risky. Think about your target audience and select accordingly. 

2.	Ensure you keep to the stipulated word length. Abstracts can be anything from 50 to 250 words. Also, check the guidelines and if it is a requirement to write the abstract using subheadings, which tends to be the case with scientific journals, then make sure you follow the instructions. 

3.	If there is space, begin with a sentence that establishes the context of the paper, which may reference other people's work; if not, then state very clearly in two sentences, the broad aim of the paper and the specific question or problem that is being addressed and what could be distinctive to your own approach to it. Make sure you use key words/concepts that are not overly parochial as your paper is less likely to be picked up on a search engine. 

4.	Then you should in two/three sentences describe your research design, highlighting any novel aspects. Here you should include your methods or data sources/datasets and limitations.

5.	In the concluding two sentences, you should set out your key findings/conclusion and what contribution this can make to your field. This could be theoretical, practical, methodological, or policy orientated.

Finally, get used to rejection. The nature of peer review is that quality is ensured through critique and it takes time to develop the skill and build a reputation. Therefore, collaborate as much as possible; two or three minds are more likely to succeed than one!

*[Dr. Gurnham Singh](http://www.coventry.ac.uk/research/research-directories/researchers/gurnam-singh/) is a Principal Lecturer in Social Work and Post-Graduate Research Lead for the Health and Life Sciences.*
