---
layout: post
title: Rep Update - April 2018 #2
subtitle: Research Student Forum updates and more.
---

## Important Updates from the Research Student Forum: 

* **IT storage issues:**

  1. Storage now available from Centralised Research and Data Storage, which is similar to and links with SharePoint. Students can apply to have a shared space by asking their supervisor to raise a call with IT.
  2. Students are encouraged to use Appsanywhere to access software, mylaunch is being migrated on to Appsanywhere.


* **Suspended leave support:**

  1. Call for evidence to raise a case around suspended leave support (including pregnancy). If anyone has any experiences they are happy to share please get in touch with any rep.


* **New Regulations and Curriculum Framework:**
  1. There are two projects that are ongoing with regards to reviewing the regulations and curriculum framework.
  2. These projects are involving stakeholders, including members of the research student forum. By the next forum there will be a further update for both projects


* **Research funding:**

  1. Currently there is discrepancy between the money part-time students and full-time students can claim over their course
      - Part-time students recieve 5 x £125 = £625
      - Whilst full-time students recieve 3 x £250 = £750.

  2. This has been escalated and an update should be available for the next meeting.


* **HLS PhD student move out of James Starley:**

  1. Gurnam and Rob James have found space for students in Richard Crossman but there are no dates yet for moving.
  2. If anyone has any issues/concerns they would like to raise at the next forum on the 6th June 2018 then please contact a rep.

## PRES Survey

The PRES survey is now up.
Please, take the time to take this as your voice can make a massive difference in the changes that can come from it.
You only have until **Wednesday 4th April** to give your feedback.

At the moment the HLS response rate is **only 17%** - if we don't speak up, they won't make any changes on our behalf.

[Click here to take the survey](https://coventry.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/pres2018/)

## Current REPS

* Mirabel Pelton (Part-Time Student REP from *CIRAL*, [peltonm@uni.coventry.ac.uk](peltonm@uni.coventry.ac.uk "Click here to email Mirabel")) 
* Sarah Charles (Full-Time Student REP from *CABS*, [charle42@uni.coventry.ac.uk](charle42@uni.coventry.ac.uk "Click here to email Sarah"))
* Laura Wilde(HLS Senior REP from *CIRAL* [wildel5@uni.coventry.ac.uk](wildel5@uni.coventry.ac.uk "Click here to email Laura")
