---
layout: post
title: Rep Update - December 2018
subtitle: PGR Meeting with Richard Aspinall
---

## HLS PGR Feedback - Meeting with Senior Staff

On _Wednesday 5th December_ there will be a meeting with HLS senior staff, including <u>Richard Aspinall</u> where all PGRs can attend. It will be held at __3pm until 5pm__ on __RC4th floor__

This meeting will allow PGRs the opportunity to inform changes that will be made in our faculty.

For those who cannot make it, the feedback from the feedback survey sent out last month will be used to inform the REPS' points being brought forward.

## Research Student forum

The 1st Research Student Forum of this academic year, held on Wednesday the 28th of November, was chaired by __Sarah CHarles__ with the other HLS REPs, __Danii Chippett__ and __Laura Wilde__, also in attendance. It went very well, with many issues brought forward by students set to be addressed in the near future as a result. 

## Hot Desking in RC4 - More Space Available

HLS are making space available for hot-desking for PhD and MRes PGRs in the CABS open plan area. This is in the central-right section RC4 (to the right of the reception desks if you enter via the lift). If necessary, reception can point you to the correct location.



## New Framework

* As many of you may know, a new research student framework has been put in place for all new starters.

* Those with PRPs this month, or in January may choose to move to the new framework

* For more information about the new framework, please go to [this site](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Frecap.coventry.domains%2Fnewframework%2F&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=2xQIOSUod%2FXPcrj4EzqmacqQoCjG6szV1u%2B%2BOWJUncY%3D&reserved=0).

* For those who have moved to the new system, you will have now been contacted by rru.reg to complete your <b>Research Degree Development Agreement</b>. Please be sure to complete this before the deadline that you have been given.

* Also, please do write into us with your experiences on how the move has gone, so we can inform people who are having PRPs in Jan/May

## Reminder About Booking Rooms at Elm Bank

* The RECAP team have now started allowing students to book rooms at Elm Bank for studying or meeting purposes.

* For booking a seminar/workshop/reading group (capacity 25 people) just fill in [this form](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fforms.office.com%2FPages%2FResponsePage.aspx%3Fid%3DmqsYS2U3vkqsfA4NOYr9T0J0V6Md3HNNj94BvfxrC-lUOU9CSzhXOUhIOVlWT1BPTkpPTkZMM1FaNC4u&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=9T3lSBfnPPxn%2BCVVqrYhYx9Z4RD5%2F9HRhJ2hRa1LJV4%3D&reserved=0)

* For larger spaces, send an email to the RECAP team [RECAP@coventry.ac.uk](mailto:RECAP@coventry.ac.uk) with your request. These will be dealt with on a case by case basis
