---
layout: post
title: Rep Update - September 2018
subtitle: Large update
---

## New REPS

<ul>
  <li>Well done to all postgraduate <i>research</i> reps at Coventry, for winning the Postgraduate Research Student Forum 2018 award </li>
  <li>Thanks to <b>Laura Wilde</b> for her role as Senior Rep for HLS for the last year</li>
  <li><b>Sarah Charles</b> and <b>Danii Chippett</b> will be the new co-Senior Reps for HLS in 2018-2019.</li>
  <ul>
    <li><b>Sarah</b> (<a href = "mailto:charle42@uni.coventry.ac.uk">charle42@uni.coventry.ac.uk</a>) will be based in Richard Crossman for <u><i>CABS</i></u> and <u><i>CIRAL</i></u> </li>
    <li><b>Danii</b> (<a href = "mailto:chippetd@uni.coventry.ac.uk">chippetd@uni.coventry.ac.uk</a>) will be based in the Science and Health Building for <u><i>SELS</i></u> </li>
    <li><b>Laura</b> (<a href = "mailto:wildel5@uni.coventry.ac.uk">wildel5@uni.coventry.ac.uk</a>) will still be a REP, but is stepping down from the senior position as she enters her 3rd phase of her Ph.D.
  </ul>
</ul>

## Move from JS to RC4th Floor

* The move to Richard Crossman's 4th Floor had a couple of early hiccoughs, but has been smooth since.

* We have 10 working computers (+ another 4 still awaiting internet access), with a dedicated kitchen area and free tea and coffee.

* On a daily basis we still have 2-3 computers being unused, so there is space, should you need it.

## Working hours post-viva

* **Sarah Charles** is currently leading the charge with trying to make changes to this policy for the students.

* The issue was raised at the University Research Committee meeting in July. It was unanimously voted to be moved higher up by staff members, so that action can be taken to change the rules in favour of students.

## New Framework

* As many of you may know, a new research student framework is being put in place.

* Those who are doing their PRP in September 2018 or later will have the option of transferring over to the new Framework.

* For more information about the new framework, please go to [this site](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Frecap.coventry.domains%2Fnewframework%2F&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=2xQIOSUod%2FXPcrj4EzqmacqQoCjG6szV1u%2B%2BOWJUncY%3D&reserved=0).

* For those planning on moving, please do write into us with your experiences on how the move goes, so we can inform people who are having PRPs in Jan/May

## Booking Rooms at Elm Bank

* The RECAP team have now started allowing students to book rooms at Elm Bank for studying or meeting purposes.

* For booking a seminar/workshop/reading group (capacity 25 people) just fill in [this form](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fforms.office.com%2FPages%2FResponsePage.aspx%3Fid%3DmqsYS2U3vkqsfA4NOYr9T0J0V6Md3HNNj94BvfxrC-lUOU9CSzhXOUhIOVlWT1BPTkpPTkZMM1FaNC4u&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=9T3lSBfnPPxn%2BCVVqrYhYx9Z4RD5%2F9HRhJ2hRa1LJV4%3D&reserved=0)

* For larger spaces, send an email to the RECAP team [RECAP@coventry.ac.uk](mailto:RECAP@coventry.ac.uk) with your request. These will be dealt with on a case by case basis
