---
layout: post
title: Rep Update - July 2018
subtitle: Some important information
---

## Research Funds


Just a reminder that this fund (£250FT, £125 PT) expires on **31st July**.

It is important that we take advantage of these funds, as the university may end up <b> taking it away </b> if we aren't using it.

To access this fund please see the [Funding opportunities](https://share.coventry.ac.uk/students/ResearchDegrees/Pages/Funding-Opportunites.aspx) page on the Doctoral College CU Student portal.

The HLS contact to get this funding is Andy Davis. Contact him by emailing *[hls.ro@coventry.ac.uk](mailto:hls.ro@coventry.ac.uk)*

## Payment of write-up Fees

The paying system has not been updated to reflect the changes in write up year fees for 2018/19 etc.

Any student concerned who needs to pay the fees should wait until they get confirmation from the Doctoral college/or their account has been credited with the balance before they do so.

There has been issues with those who have paid the initial amount and are now claiming a refund. It was acknowledged it is a very frustrating experience so students should consult the Doctoral college before making any payment.

## Working hours post-viva

The PGR working hours pre- and post-viva will remain the same.

Sadly, the changes students had proposed to extend the number of post-viva work hours allowed was **rejected by the University Research Committee (URC)** and there is nothing the Doctoral College can do at this time.


## Research Student Forum

Minutes are being confirmed at the moment, with actions to be completed waiting to be confirmed. REPS will let you know once the actions are confirmed
