---
layout: post
title: Rep Update - November 2018
subtitle: PGR Feedback survey. Please answer.
---

## HLS PGR Feedback Survey - PART 2

In the last 2 months or so, you will have received many emails from __**Sarah Charles**__ about your PGR experience in HLS at Coventry. Sarah is making it her mission this year, as co-senior REP, to ensure that as many changes are put in place as possible in the faculty to help all students have a better experience.

The fact that there are issues at CU is not a secret, and the most recent *PRES results* (which were not good) demonstrates that.

A part of this mission to improve PGR experience involves getting as much feedback as possible, so that the changes that are made are ones students would like.

Many students already answered the first survey that was sent out about 3 weeks ago, with some insights already being delivered to senior staff in HLS.

For some changes, however, we need some more specific feedback. As a result, a 2nd survey that takes about 10-15 minutes to complete was designed to help us show not just senior HLS staff, but senior CU staff what it is the PGRs both want and need, so that the appropriate action can be taken to improve all of our experiences here.

Please, could you take just *10-15 minutes* of your time to answer these questions. With each person who responds, the added weight of another PGR voice can be used as evidence for the need for certain changes.

***[Click here](https://coventryhls.eu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cNnelMFmYIjnu9n)*** to complete the 2nd survey. **You can respond to this survey even if you didn't answer the previous survey**

All responses will be anonymous, unless you specifically give your name in your responses.


## Hot Desking in RC4

HLS are making space available for hot-desking for PhD and MRes PGRs in the CABS open plan area. This is in the central-right section RC4 (to the right of the reception desks if you enter via the lift). If necessary, reception can point you to the correct location.

Desks that are allocated for hot-desking will display a sign saying: ‘This desk is available today’. If you use the desk, put the sign to one side and then replace it in a prominent position at the end of the day.

Most of the desks have a desk-top PC but, if you need one, laptops may be available to sign out from reception for a day at a time. (Please be aware that some laptops are used for fieldwork so availability isn’t guaranteed.)

The signs also note etiquette around using the desks, e.g. leaving the desk as you found it. Please be mindful that others will be using the space.

Please note, the area dedicated to PGRs at the other end of the floor (left side of RC4) is _still available_ and still exclusive to PGRs.

This CABS section has been opened up to allow for more space for the large number of PGRs who have expressed that they would come in if they were more likely to have space.


## New Framework

* As many of you may know, a new research student framework is being put in place.


* For more information about the new framework, please go to [this site](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Frecap.coventry.domains%2Fnewframework%2F&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=2xQIOSUod%2FXPcrj4EzqmacqQoCjG6szV1u%2B%2BOWJUncY%3D&reserved=0).

* For those who have moved to the new system, you will have now been contacted by rru.reg to complete your <b>Research Degree Development Agreement</b>. Please be sure to complete this before the deadline that you have been given.

* Also, please do write into us with your experiences on how the move has gone, so we can inform people who are having PRPs in Jan/May

## Reminder About Booking Rooms at Elm Bank

* The RECAP team have now started allowing students to book rooms at Elm Bank for studying or meeting purposes.

* For booking a seminar/workshop/reading group (capacity 25 people) just fill in [this form](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fforms.office.com%2FPages%2FResponsePage.aspx%3Fid%3DmqsYS2U3vkqsfA4NOYr9T0J0V6Md3HNNj94BvfxrC-lUOU9CSzhXOUhIOVlWT1BPTkpPTkZMM1FaNC4u&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=9T3lSBfnPPxn%2BCVVqrYhYx9Z4RD5%2F9HRhJ2hRa1LJV4%3D&reserved=0)

* For larger spaces, send an email to the RECAP team [RECAP@coventry.ac.uk](mailto:RECAP@coventry.ac.uk) with your request. These will be dealt with on a case by case basis
