---
layout: post
title: Rep Update - February 2019
subtitle: Updates for the New Year. 
---

## HLS PGR Feedback - Meeting with Senior Staff

This meeting was a success, and changes in the faculty will be implemented in accordance to those who attended with consideration of your responses on the surveys sent out.

## Research Student Forum

The 2nd Research Student Forum of this academic year was chaired by the CTPSR Senior REP Justina Pinkeviciute, with the HLS Senior REPS Danii Chippett and Sarah Charles also in attendance. This went well, and university-wide changes are likely to occur or continue to be addressed because of this meeting.

## More Space!

HLS are making space available for hot-desking for PhD and MRes PGRs in the CABS open plan area. This is in the central-right section RC4 (to the right of the reception desks if you enter via the lift). If necessary, reception can point you to the correct location.

Elm Bank also has multiple spaces on the ground floor available to work. The Doctoral College has informed us that the university may try to take away this extra space if it is not used.
Use it, or lose it!

## Reminder About Booking Rooms at Elm Bank

* The RECAP team have now started allowing students to book rooms at Elm Bank for studying or meeting purposes.

* For booking a seminar/workshop/reading group (capacity 25 people) just fill in [this form](https://emea01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fforms.office.com%2FPages%2FResponsePage.aspx%3Fid%3DmqsYS2U3vkqsfA4NOYr9T0J0V6Md3HNNj94BvfxrC-lUOU9CSzhXOUhIOVlWT1BPTkpPTkZMM1FaNC4u&data=02%7C01%7Ccharle42%40uni.coventry.ac.uk%7Cd620944aaa1c4e9d858908d60d92403f%7C4b18ab9a37654abeac7c0e0d398afd4f%7C0%7C0%7C636711319133110177&sdata=9T3lSBfnPPxn%2BCVVqrYhYx9Z4RD5%2F9HRhJ2hRa1LJV4%3D&reserved=0)

* For larger spaces, send an email to the RECAP team [RECAP@coventry.ac.uk](mailto:RECAP@coventry.ac.uk) with your request. These will be dealt with on a case by case basis
