---
layout: post
title: The importance of having a social group during your Research Degree.
subtitle: Test Post
---

The importance of creating and maintaining a social support network during your MRes or PhD cannot be underestimated. Although there are many students doing MRes’s and PhDs at Coventry; nobody else is doing exactly the same topic, which can lead to feelings of isolation as students move through their degrees at different paces and use different methods. It’s easy to work from home during your degree as you’re not required to be ‘at work’. While there are times that staying at home is beneficial; such as writing weeks; the decreased social interaction can have a negative effect on your health. Depending on whether you live on your own, with flatmates or family; it can be a slippery slope from working at home, to not getting dressed, to not showering and not leaving the house for days with only Frankie the spider to talk to. Not having social interaction can lead to tunnel vision regarding your degree and you can forget that you are not only a student, but a person with friends, family and hobbies as well. 

Whether it’s by coming into the student offices to work, meeting people for coffee, joining a society or club, or going to the gym, it’s vitally important to create and maintain a social network during your degree. While other students aren’t doing exactly what you’re doing topic wise, they are completing similar degrees; at the end of the day everyone will have the same chapters in their theses. Meeting and discussing issues or newfound knowledge with other students will strengthen your ability to defend your work, or clear up confusion about topics. You might find a better method to use for data collection, or a paper that explains your theoretical framework perfectly.

But life isn’t all about your degree. The friends you make will support you in the other areas of your life, such as feeling homesick if you’ve moved away, after work drinks on a Friday to de-stress after a week of work, keeping you motivated when you have bad days and question for the thousandth time why you’re doing this degree, motivating you to exercise, and of course, being there to listen. Doing an MRes or PhD is a great life decision, ensure it goes as smoothly as possible by surrounding yourself with friends who will push you over the finish line!
